All right, my friends, here's the moment of truth.
We are going to manually create a ticket.
We'll then manually create an order for that ticket, and then hopefully we're going to see that console.log
we had put together inside of our queue right here.
We should see something immediately that says, I want to publish, blah, blah, blah, all that stuff.
So let's open up postman and get to it.
I've got post right here as usual.
Going to want to make sure that we are signed in.
It looks like I currently am signed in.
That's our get request to API users current user.
Make sure you are signed in as a person.
All then create a brand new ticket.
So that's going to be opposed to API tickets with a title and a price.
So I'm going to send that off.
It looks good.
I'm going to take that ID and I'm going to create an order with this ticket ID.
So to create an order, we will make a post request.
To HTTPS colon ticketing dev API orders.
I'll go to headers.
But in a content.
Type of application slash JSON.
I'm going to go over to Body.
I'll select Raw.
And the only thing that we need to create a new order is the ticket ID.
So I'm going to enter a JSON object right here with ticket ID and then paste in the ID of the ticket
that I just created.
Remember, this is JSON that we're entering.
So make sure you got those double quotes right there.
Also make sure that you've got a lowercase dx on ID.
We'll also make sure that we've got JSON selected over here and that should be it.
They'll then go ahead and send this off.
I should immediately see that I have created a brand new order.
Yep.
Looks good.
Then I'll go back over to my terminal and we'll see how we are doing.
Okay.
So over here.
Well, a lot of events going on here.
So I see in some order, I see the ticket created.
That's the reception I see.
A publish of ticket created.
And then inside kind of a strange order here.
Nonetheless, remember, all these console logs kind of get jumbled up because of how scaffold handles
them.
So it's kind of hard to read, but we can kind of see that everything more or less worked as expected.
So I've got an event Publish of order created.
It looks like tickets received, order created and expiration received.
Order created as well.
Expiration.
Once it received that order created event, it then created a new job and published it over to us because
we did not put any delay on receiving or processing that event.
We then immediately received that job back and we did a I want to publish an expiration complete event
for order ID, blah, blah, blah.
Okay.
So I'd say that that looks pretty good.
It means that we are successfully.
Receiving the order created event.
We then successfully create the job and then we successfully receive that job right then immediately
in the future.
The next obvious thing that we need to add inside of here is to make sure that we delay receiving this
event or somehow put in that 15 minute delay.
But we do not immediately get this job back to process.
We want to make sure we've got that 15 minute delay inside of here.
So let's take a look at how we're going to add in that 15 minute delay.
Pretty easy, straightforward.
We'll take care of that in just a moment.